Added missing changes to "compute_security_policy" contribution docs (#11024)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/r/compute_security_policy.html.markdown

  * `HTTP_PATH`: The URL path of the HTTP request. The key value is truncated to the first 128 bytes
  * `SNI`: Server name indication in the TLS session of the HTTPS request. The key value is truncated to the first 128 bytes. The key type defaults to `ALL` on a HTTP session.
  * `REGION_CODE`: The country/region from which the request originates.

>   * `TLS_JA3_FINGERPRINT`: -- JA3 TLS/SSL fingerprint if the client connects using HTTPS, HTTP/2 or HTTP/3. If not available, the key type defaults to ALL.
>   * `USER_IP`: -- The IP address of the originating client, which is resolved based on "userIpRequestHeaders" configured with the securitypolicy. If there is no "userIpRequestHeaders" configuration or an IP address cannot be resolved from it, the key type defaults to IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `TLS_JA3_FINGERPRINT`: JA3 TLS/SSL fingerprint if the client connects using HTTPS, HTTP/2 or HTTP/3. If not available, the key type defaults to ALL.
  * `USER_IP`: The IP address of the originating client, which is resolved based on "user_ip_request_headers" configured with the securitypolicy. If there is no "user_ip_request_headers" configuration or an IP address cannot be resolved from it, the key type defaults to IP.
```

    * `HTTP_PATH`: The URL path of the HTTP request. The key value is truncated to the first 128 bytes
    * `SNI`: Server name indication in the TLS session of the HTTPS request. The key value is truncated to the first 128 bytes. The key type defaults to `ALL` on a HTTP session.
    * `REGION_CODE`: The country/region from which the request originates.

>     * `TLS_JA3_FINGERPRINT`: -- JA3 TLS/SSL fingerprint if the client connects using HTTPS, HTTP/2 or HTTP/3. If not available, the key type defaults to ALL.
>     * `USER_IP`: -- The IP address of the originating client, which is resolved based on "userIpRequestHeaders" configured with the securitypolicy. If there is no "userIpRequestHeaders" configuration or an IP address cannot be resolved from it, the key type defaults to IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `TLS_JA3_FINGERPRINT`: JA3 TLS/SSL fingerprint if the client connects using HTTPS, HTTP/2 or HTTP/3. If not available, the key type defaults to ALL.
    * `USER_IP`: The IP address of the originating client, which is resolved based on "user_ip_request_headers" configured with the securitypolicy. If there is no "user_ip_request_headers" configuration or an IP address cannot be resolved from it, the key type defaults to IP.
```

>     * `TLS_JA3_FINGERPRINT`: -- JA3 TLS/SSL fingerprint if the client connects using HTTPS, HTTP/2 or HTTP/3. If not available, the key type defaults to ALL.
>     * `USER_IP`: -- The IP address of the originating client, which is resolved based on "user_ip_request_headers" configured with the securitypolicy. If there is no "user_ip_request_headers" configuration or an IP address cannot be resolved from it, the key type defaults to IP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * `TLS_JA3_FINGERPRINT`: JA3 TLS/SSL fingerprint if the client connects using HTTPS, HTTP/2 or HTTP/3. If not available, the key type defaults to ALL.
    * `USER_IP`: The IP address of the originating client, which is resolved based on "user_ip_request_headers" configured with the securitypolicy. If there is no "user_ip_request_headers" configuration or an IP address cannot be resolved from it, the key type defaults to IP.
```
